---
layout: post
title: Fourth blog post
---

What did you do this past week?
    This past week, we had our first exam and began working on Project 3. The exam was different than what I expected, but I thought it was a reasonable test that we had all of the resources to properly prepare for. However, I despised taking the exam using Canvas. Tabbing in Canvas automatically selects the next input field rather than indenting the lines. I had to use 2 spaces to indent my code, and this felt confusing at times because the spaces are rather small in canvas.

What's in your way?
    Nothing is in my way now! I’m happy with my team for project 3, 4, and 5. I guess I wish we had more time to complete these projects, but I would also like summer school to be over sooner rather than later.

What will you do next week?
    This next week we will be working on project 4, in which we must complete our webpage. This means we must call the Spotify API and fill up our tables with data. Then we must tie the front end of the website to this back end database. At this point our website should be complete. Then we will need to employ our own API, so that other groups may use our API for project 5.

Tip of the week:
    Meet with your group early on and have fun with them. You will have to spend a lot of time with them to complete these projects so might as well make some friends along the way! For my group, I now have 2 more friends to play overwatch with, and I somewhat look forward to group work because I enjoy being around these people.
