---
layout: post
title: Second blog post
---


What did you do this past week?

This past week, we turned in the Collatz project. We also went over factorials, variables, caches, copy, and reduce functions. We also were given project 2, the Netflix project. The quizzes have been coming from information in previous classes, usually to do with tuples and lists and the difference between iterators and iterables.

What's in your way?

Currently, I feel like senioritis and general confusion are in my way. This is one of the few classes (alongside OS and algo) where the instructions for projects are not very clear, and there isn’t much support. So it takes a lot of time to fumble through the projects until piece by piece it starts coming together. Also, I am a senior now and still unsure of what I want to do in the future. I feel like this is causing some de-motivation on my part.

What will you do next week?

Next week, we have a test on Monday. Tests are a large portion of the grade so I will be studying hard for it. We also will be going over the group assignments for projects 3, 4, and 5.

Describe your experience in the class.

I think class is helpful for understanding the nuances of python syntax. Downing does a proper job asking leading questions until we come to the correct answer. I think it would be very helpful though if we went over the projects more in class, specifically delving into the steps we need to take in order to be successful in these projects.

Tip-of-the-week:

Start projects early. It is very demotivating to start something completely new and confusing the day before it is due.
