---
layout: post
title: Sixth blog post
---

What I did last week:

Last week we finished up the remainder of our group project. This included implementing search into our website and creating a visualization of another group's website. I worked on the visualization part. For this visualization, we created an interactive bubble diagram that contained all of the publishers and the number of books they published. Each publisher belonged to one bubble and the size of the bubble was determined by the amount of books they published. Users can click on any bubble to bring it to the middle and enlarge it so it is readable even if it is a small scale publisher. Due to problems with the other group's API, we couldn't finish this visualization until midday Tuesday, when the project was due. In class, we gave presentations and also listened to others' presentations, including one from two employees of Atlassian. I thought it was cool that Atlassian came to talk, seeing as I used their Jira software last year when I interned with Amazon. I thought it was a well-thought out productivity webapp.

My thoughts on the class:

I thought it was very cool that we built a dynamic webapp with a fleshed out backend database and API from scratch. I wasn't too happy with the first two projects though. I think having more interesting projects for those would be beneficial to the class and would increase student attention and overall happiness with the course. Class lectures were okay but often I felt like the pace was too slow as Professor Downing will spend a couple minutes to guide an unsuspecting student to the right answer for a pop question. It was very easy to stay attentive when I was the unsuspecting student called on, but my attention was at a lower level when others were called on. 
